Hi! This is our COVID-19 Dashboard, created as part of our Final Project for Professor Mosca’s DS4200 class in Spring 2022.
Our aim for this project was to allow the user to visualize the amount of COVID cases and deaths over time,
as well as view this data on a geographic model.
We used a bar and line graph to visualize cases,
and from the drop down menu you can select a state to see the total amount of COVID cases over time.
As you can see here, our x-axis is the date, and our y-axis represents the amount of cases for that date.
Users can choose between all 50 states, as well as outlying territories.
One of our goals was to implement brushing and linking so that users could zoom in on certain sections of the graphs
to get a closer look at the COVID case data for that state in the given time period.
We also wanted to include a chloropleth map visualization to be able to hover over the states
and see the amount of cases on a certain day.
To do this, we wanted to include a slider for the user to pick a different date over 2 years of the pandemic.
While we weren’t able to implement all the features we wanted, in the future we would want to add more interactivity to our project -
for example, more data for the user to switch between, such as number of vaccinations,
as well as a prettier webpage. Thank you!